Hello everybody and welcome to this very quick lecture where I want to guide you through what is about
to happen what you're about to come across as you go through the course because it's going to be slightly
different for the next couple of months as we update the entire course the blender 2.8.
Really exciting there are loads of new features that I want to show you.
Unfortunately I cannot just click my fingers and it change overnight to the new version.
So what is going to happen is that Section 1 2 and 3 will all be replaced one at a time in their entirety.
And what will happen is when Section 1 is complete we'll shift everything across ever so slightly so
that if you are in section 1 at the moment you don't get disrupted in your learning journey.
And what that will mean is that after about 30 days or so of the new section being there the old section
will be removed.
But don't worry you've still got access to that in the blender two point seven archive course.
We shall make sure that you know how to get to in a separate lecture.
Now this is going to be a lot of change as I've said and will be expected to take four to six months in total
depending on any hiccups we come across and any new features that I want to show you guys as we go through.
So I'm aiming for around one to two sections a month initially and then obviously it will slow down
a little afterwards as we get into some more complex things within blender.
So the first section is now being remastered and that is what you're about to enter into after you've
completed that though be the old section one and then it'll go into Section Two so you'll have to skip
over that interim section unless you want to watch the content and reinforce your knowledge.
So there are lots of changes inbound and it's all for the better.
The learning journey is going to be more streamlined for you.
We've got some new projects in there as well.
I'm really proud of the work that's coming your way.
Now obviously there's going to be a lot of changes have said so if you could help each other and support
each other as you always do during this time of change as we upgrade the entire course the blender 2.8
so there's lots of exciting things coming up.
So hop on over to blender 2.8.